Agent 7 support (#220)
DataDog/ansible-datadog: README.md

[![Ansible Galaxy](http://img.shields.io/badge/galaxy-Datadog.datadog-660198.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/Datadog/datadog/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DataDog/ansible-datadog.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DataDog/ansible-datadog)

Install and configure Datadog Agent & checks.

> The version `3` of this role installs the Datadog Agent version 7 by default.

Reviewer: Just realize that it's version 4 ! the role is already in version 3.3.0

Author: I just realized too! I'm going to change v3 -> v4 and v2 -> v3.

[![Ansible Galaxy](http://img.shields.io/badge/galaxy-Datadog.datadog-660198.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/Datadog/datadog/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DataDog/ansible-datadog.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DataDog/ansible-datadog)

Install and configure Datadog Agent & checks.

> The version `3` of this role installs the Datadog Agent version 7 by default.

Reviewer: Could you also update the TOC of the README line 12.

ansible-galaxy install Datadog.datadog
```

> ## Role upgrade from v2 to v3

Reviewer: this section should be after the main doc `## Role Variables`.

> The `datadog_agent_major_version` variable has been introduced, to tell the module which major version of the Agent will be installed. by default, it is set to `7`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `datadog_agent_major_version` variable has been introduced, to tell the module which major version of the Agent will be installed, `7` by default. 
```

To install Agent 5, set it to `5`. To install Agent 6, set it to `6`.

The `datadog_agent5` variable is thus obsolete and has been removed.

> The `datadog_agent_version` variable, if set, must use the major version set in `datadog_agent_major_version`.

Reviewer: This is no longer true

### Linux repositories

To behavior of the `datadog_apt_repo`, `datadog_yum_repo`, and `datadog_zypper_repo` variables has been modified. When they are not set, the official Datadog repositories for the major version set in `datadog_agent_major_version` are used:

`datadog_agent_major_version` | Default apt repository | Default yum repository | Default zypper repository |
------------------------------|------------------------|-----------------------|---------------------------|
5                             | deb https://apt.datadoghq.com stable main | https://yum.datadoghq.com/rpm | https://yum.datadoghq.com/suse/rpm |
6                             | deb https://apt.datadoghq.com stable 6 | https://yum.datadoghq.com/stable/6 | https://yum.datadoghq.com/suse/stable/6 |
7                             | deb https://apt.datadoghq.com stable 7 | https://yum.datadoghq.com/stable/7 | https://yum.datadoghq.com/suse/stable/7 |

To override the default behavior, set the `datadog_apt_repo`, `datadog_yum_repo`, or `datadog_zypper_repo` variables to something else than an empty string.

> If you were previously using the Agent 5 variables `datadog_agent5_apt_repo`, `datadog_agent5_yum_repo`, or `datadog_agent5_zypper_repo` to set custom Agent 5 repositories, use `datadog_apt_repo`, `datadog_yum_repo`, or `datadog_zypper_repo`(with `datadog_agent_major_version` set to `5`) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were previously using the Agent 5 variables `datadog_agent5_apt_repo`, `datadog_agent5_yum_repo`, or `datadog_agent5_zypper_repo` to set custom Agent 5 repositories, use `datadog_apt_repo`, `datadog_yum_repo`, or `datadog_zypper_repo`(with `datadog_agent_major_version` set to `5` or `datadog_agent_version` pinned to a specific version of agent 5) instead.
```

|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `datadog_api_key`                                                                                                                               | Your Datadog API key.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `datadog_site`                                                                                                                                  | The site of the Datadog intake to send Agent data to. Defaults to `datadoghq.com`, set to `datadoghq.eu` to send data to the EU site. This option is only available with agent version >= 6.6.0.                                                         |

> | `datadog_agent_major_version`                                                                                                                         | The major version of the Agent which will be installed. Its possible values are 5, 6, 7. If both this and `datadog_agent_version` are not set, then `datadog_agent_major_version` defaults to 7. If this is not set but `datadog_agent_version` is set, then `datadog_agent_major_version` is set to the major version provided in `datadog_agent_version`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog_agent_major_version`                                                                                                                         | The major version of the Agent which will be installed. Its possible values are 5, 6 or 7 (default to 7). If set `datadog_agent_version` will take precedence, otherwise the latest version of the specified major will be installed. Setting `datadog_agent_major_version` is not needed if `datadog_agent_version` is used. |
```

> | `datadog_agent_version`                                                                                                                         | The pinned version of the Agent to install (optional, but highly recommended). Examples: `1:6.0.0-1` on apt-based platforms, `6.0.0-1` on yum-based platforms, `6.0.0` on Windows platforms. If both this variable and `datadog_agent_major_version` are set, they must be compatible (the major version in `datadog_agent_version` has to be `datadog_agent_major_version`). **Note** Downgrades are not supported on Windows platforms. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog_agent_version`                                                                                                                         | The pinned version of the Agent to install (optional, but highly recommended). Example: `7.15.0`. Using `datadog_agent_major_version` is not needed is `datadog_agent_version` is used.. **Note** Downgrades are not supported on Windows platforms. |
```

I think we should first document `datadog_agent_version` then `datadog_agent_major_version` as we advice people to use `datadog_agent_version` over `datadog_agent_major_version`.

I don't think we need to document that both `datadog_agent_version` and `datadog_agent_major_version` should be compatible. The main idea is not to use both at the same time.

|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `datadog_api_key`                                                                                                                               | Your Datadog API key.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `datadog_site`                                                                                                                                  | The site of the Datadog intake to send Agent data to. Defaults to `datadoghq.com`, set to `datadoghq.eu` to send data to the EU site. This option is only available with agent version >= 6.6.0.                                                         |

> | `datadog_agent_version`                                                                                                                         | The pinned version of the Agent to install (optional, but highly recommended). Example: `7.15.0`. Setting `datadog_agent_major_version` is not needed if `datadog_agent_version` is used. **Note** Downgrades are not supported on Windows platforms. |

Reviewer 2: `7.15.0` doesn't exist:

```suggestion
| `datadog_agent_version`                                                                                                                         | The pinned version of the Agent to install (optional, but highly recommended). Example: `7.16.0`. Setting `datadog_agent_major_version` is not needed if `datadog_agent_version` is used. **Note** Downgrades are not supported on Windows platforms. |
```

## Agent 5 (older version)

This role includes support for Datadog Agent version 5 for Linux only. To install Agent 5, you need to:

> 1. Set `datadog_agent_major_version` parmeter to `5`.

Reviewer: We can simplify now:

```
Either set `datadog_agent_major_version` to 5 to install the latest version of Agent 5 or set `datadog_agent_version` to an existing Agent v5.
```

2. Set `datadog_agent_version` to an existing Agent v5 version or leave it empty to always install the latest version (`5.*`).

> ## Agent major version downgrades

Reviewer: We could merge the both paragraph since the role is much simpler now.

Something like:
```
1 .Either set `datadog_agent_major_version` to the major version you want to install the latest of that version or set `datadog_agent_version` to a specific version to (ex: 5.32.5)
2. Set `datadog_agent_allow_downgrade` to `yes`.
```

WDYT ?

Author: 👍, moreover since `datadog_agent_major_version` is not even needed if `datadog_agent_version` is set, we can remove the bit about `datadog_agent_major_version`:
 
```
1. Set `datadog_agent_version` to a specific version to downgrade to (ex: 5.32.5)
2. Set `datadog_agent_allow_downgrade` to `yes`.
```

Setting only `datadog_agent_allow_downgrade` and `datadog_agent_major_version` does not work, you need to specify a minor version for the downgrade to work.

> To downgrade from Agent v6 or v7 to Agent v5, you need to (**on centos this will only work with ansible 2.4 and up**):

Reviewer: We should also add a work about downgrading not being supported on Windows.

1. Set `datadog_agent_major_version` to `5`.
2. Pin `datadog_agent_version` to an existing Agent 5 version.
3. Set `datadog_agent_allow_downgrade` to `yes`.

> Likewise, to downgrade from Agent v7 to Agent v6, you need to (**on centos this will only work with ansible 2.4 and up**):

Reviewer: Same here for Windows.

    - { role: Datadog.datadog, become: yes }
  vars:
    datadog_api_key: "123456"

>     datadog_agent_version: "1:7.16.0-1" # apt-based format; the role will deduce and use the `7.16.0-1` format on yum-based platforms and `7.16.0` on Windows

Reviewer: We should just use the `7.16.0` format. The rest is only here to be backward compatible.

    - { role: Datadog.datadog, become: yes }
  vars:
    datadog_api_key: "123456"

>     datadog_agent_major_version: 6

Reviewer: The main Playbook example should install the latest version. Let's add another example to showcase `datadog_agent_major_version` and maybe `datadog_agent_version`.
